Add note about possible content coding reversal edge cases (#3342)
httpwg/http-extensions: draft-ietf-httpbis-unencoded-digest.md

# Messages containing both Unencoded-Digest and Content-Encoding {#encoding-and-unencoded}

Digests delivered through `Unencoded-Digest` apply to the unencoded
representation. If a message is received with content coding, a recipient needs
to decode the message in order to calculate the digest that can subsequently be
used for validation. If multiple content codings are applied, the recipient

> needs to decode all encodings in order before validation.

Author: Changes here are just line-wrapping. No change in content.

Since the digest is calculated on unencoded representation bytes, validation of
a message with content coding (as described above) can only succeed where the
decoded output produces the same byte sequence as the input. While many
registered content codings behave this way, there is no requirement for them to

> do so and it remains a possibility that a reverse coding could produce a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
do so and it remains a possibility that decoding could produce a
```
